.\" Copyright (C) 2007 Sven Arvidsson <sa@whiz.se>
.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
.\" Copyright (C) 2016,Tianjin KYLIN Information Technology Co., Ltd.
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH ukui-keyboard-properties 1 "2014\-05\-02" "UKUI"
.SH NAME
ukui-keyboard-properties \- manage keyboard behaviour in UKUI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ukui-keyboard-properties
.RI [ OPTIONS... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This executable is part of the package 'ukui\-control\-center': The UKUI Control Center.
.PP
Keyboard Preferences manages all settings related to the keyboard in a
UKUI environment. This includes key repeat delay, cursor blinking,
layouts and layout options. You can also configure a typing break
which locks the screen and enforces a break from work.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-apply
Just apply settings and quit (compatibility only; now handled by daemon)
.TP
.B \-\-init\-session\-settings
Just apply settings and quit (compatibility only; now handled by daemon)
.TP
.B \-\-get\-legacy
Retrieve and store legacy settings
.TP
.B \-\-typing-break
Start the page with the typing break settings showing
.P
This program also accepts the standard UKUI and GTK options.
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was writtenby Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "ukui-control-center" (1),
.BR "gtk-options" (7)
