.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>
.\" Copyright (C) 2016,Tianjin KYLIN Information Technology Co., Ltd.
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH ukui-mouse-properties 1 "2014\-05\-02" "UKUI"
.SH NAME
\fBukui-mouse-properties \fP- configure UKUI mouse preferences
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ukui-mouse-properties
.RI [--get-legacy]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This executable is part of the package 'ukui\-control\-center': The UKUI Control Center.
.PP
The UKUI  mouse  preference  tool  enables you to configure your mouse for right-hand or
left-hand use. It is also used to specify the speed and sensitivity of mouse movement
and mouse button press events.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP
.B
\fB--get-legacy\fP
Retrieve and store legacy settings
.PP
This program also accepts the standard UKUI and GTK options.
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page has been adopted for UKUI by Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>.
.SH SEE ALSO
Latest version of the UKUI Desktop User Guide for your platform.
.PP
.BR "ukui-control-center" (1),
.BR "gtk-options" (7)
