.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>
.\" Copyright (C) 2016,Tianjin KYLIN Information Technology Co., Ltd.
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH ukui-display-properties 1 "2014\-05\-02" "UKUI"
.\"
.SH "NAME"
ukui-display-properties \- customize UKUI display behavor
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B ukui-display-properties
.RI [ OPTIONS... ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
This executable is part of the package 'ukui\-control\-center': The UKUI Control Center.
.PP
The UKUI display preference tool enables you to customize the screen resolution
and refresh rate for your desktop\&.
.SH OPTIONS
This program accepts the standard UKUI and GTK options.
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was writtenby Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
Latest version of the UKUI Desktop User Guide for your platform.
.PP
.BR "ukui-control-center" (1),
.BR "gtk-options" (7),
.PP
